README.md, before:


# JA2 v1.13

<br />
<br />
<br />

<p align="center">
  <img src="ja2v1.13.png" alt="JA2 v1.13">
</p>

<br />
<br />



### Preamble

Jagged Alliance 2 v1.13 is a modification for the Jagged Alliance 2 game.

Original development was done through SVN, this however ended abruptly in 2022, to keep the development going the step to Github has been made.

Feel free to participate in the development!
  
  
For more information you can visit the following locations:
- [The Bear's Pit Forum](https://thepit.ja-galaxy-forum.com) 
- [Jagged Alliance 2 v1.13 - Starter Documentation](https://github.com/1dot13/documentation)
- [How to get: latest 1.13, 7609, feature-descriptions and more](http://thepit.ja-galaxy-forum.com/index.php?t=msg&th=24648&start=0&)
- [JA2 v1.13 pbworks wiki (outdated)](http://ja2v113.pbworks.com/w/page/4218339/FrontPage)
- [The Bear's Pit Discord](https://discord.gg/GqrVZUM)


In case of any issues, look at [Reports](#Reports) or [Participation](#Participation)  

### Downloads

> **Note**
> All-in-one releases come for different languages and include
> JA2 v1.13, the Map Editor and JA2 Unfinished Business.

Visit the [releases page](https://github.com/1dot13/source/releases) to download the latest all-in-one.


### Installation

1. Install the original Jagged Alliance 2
2. Download the latest all-in-one release and copy its content to JA2 game directory. Overwrite when asked.
3. Modify ini settings if you like.
4. Play the game.

   Some additional information on can be found in folder "docs" inside download.  
     
   If you face issues with higher resolutions, alt+tab not working, blackscreen, etc.,  
   run the "cnc-ddraw-config.exe" in game-folder and adjust settings to your liking.  
   (those issues can occur due to the combination of old game and modern OS/hardware, cnc-ddraw helps to avoid those) 


### Reports

For more information and reports, visit [Bug reports at Bear's Pit Forum](http://thepit.ja-galaxy-forum.com/index.php?t=thread&frm_id=216&) or join the [Bear's Pit Discord](https://discord.gg/GqrVZUM "Bear's Pit Discord")


### Participation 

Feel free to participate on GitHub. If you want to know how, or simply wanna share your thoughts on a topic join the [Bear's Pit Discord](https://discord.gg/GqrVZUM "Bear's Pit Discord")

Commit message:

Add instructions to the README.md file

README.md, after:


# JA2 v1.13

<br />
<br />
<br />

<p align="center">
  <img src="ja2v1.13.png" alt="JA2 v1.13">
</p>

<br />
<br />



### Preamble

Jagged Alliance 2 v1.13 is a modification for the Jagged Alliance 2 game.

Original development was done through SVN, this however ended abruptly in 2022, to keep the development going the step to Github has been made.

Feel free to participate in the development!
  
  
For more information you can visit the following locations:
- [The Bear's Pit Forum](https://thepit.ja-galaxy-forum.com) 
- [Jagged Alliance 2 v1.13 - Starter Documentation](https://github.com/1dot13/documentation)
- [How to get: latest 1.13, 7609, feature-descriptions and more](http://thepit.ja-galaxy-forum.com/index.php?t=msg&th=24648&start=0&)
- [JA2 v1.13 pbworks wiki (outdated)](http://ja2v113.pbworks.com/w/page/4218339/FrontPage)
- [The Bear's Pit Discord](https://discord.gg/GqrVZUM)


In case of any issues, look at [Reports](#Reports) or [Participation](#Participation)  

### Downloads

> **Note**
> All-in-one releases come for different languages and include
> JA2 v1.13, the Map Editor and JA2 Unfinished Business.

Visit the [releases page](https://github.com/1dot13/source/releases) to download the latest all-in-one.


### Installation

1. Install the original Jagged Alliance 2
2. Download the latest all-in-one release and copy its content to JA2 game directory. Overwrite when asked.
3. Modify ini settings if you like.
4. Play the game.

   Some additional information on can be found in folder "docs" inside download.  
     
   If you face issues with higher resolutions, alt+tab not working, blackscreen, etc.,  
   run the "cnc-ddraw-config.exe" in game-folder and adjust settings to your liking.  
   (those issues can occur due to the combination of old game and modern OS/hardware, cnc-ddraw helps to avoid those) 


### First Time Building on Windows

1. Run `Visual Studio 2019` or newer.
2. Click `Clone a repository`, enter `https://github.com/1dot13/source.git` on `Location` and click `Clone`.
3. Double-click on `Folder View` on the `Solution Explorer`
4. You will get a CMake error saying `No existing preset was found, copied a preset template to [some_path]`. This is normal and only happens once.
5. Click on the dropdown that says `x64-Debug` and select `Manage configurations...`. This should trigger Visual Studio to load the `CMakeUserPresets.json` file it just copied.
6. Click `Build -> Build All` to build an English Ja2 v.1.13 Debug executable.

To configure other languages and executables such as Unfinished Business and Map Editor, click the configuration dropdown (where it says `1dot13 Debug`, `1dot13 RelWithDebInfo` or `1dot13 Release`), choose `Manage Configurations...` and edit the `"Languages"` and `"Applications"` field to suit your needs.

For debugging within the IDE, put the path to the Ja2 1.13 installation (with appropriate `gamedir` installation!) on the `CMAKE_RUNTIME_OUTPUT_DIRECTORY` field.


### Reports

For more information and reports, visit [Bug reports at Bear's Pit Forum](http://thepit.ja-galaxy-forum.com/index.php?t=thread&frm_id=216&) or join the [Bear's Pit Discord](https://discord.gg/GqrVZUM "Bear's Pit Discord")


### Participation 

Feel free to participate on GitHub. If you want to know how, or simply wanna share your thoughts on a topic join the [Bear's Pit Discord](https://discord.gg/GqrVZUM "Bear's Pit Discord")
